hey how's it going Dave 2d here so if
you're looking at the title of this
video you're probably thinking I'm
talking about the one plus six or the
one plus 60
I'm not those are awesome phones I'd
probably pick them second in this kind
of shootout here but the problem with
picking any kind of award or accolade
for a phone is that the price of a smart
phone has a huge effect as to how much I
like a phone and right now at the end of
2018 if I had to pick the winner the
phone of the year it's actually the
galaxy s 9 this is a phone that has
amazing hardware awesome screen
Snapdragon 8045 and while every other
phone out there was trying to figure out
a way to copy iPhones knotch
these guys kept it real no notch this
year it has a headphone jack wireless
charging stereo speakers and an awesome
camera I mean I had that gimmicky
variable aperture thing and I'll be
honest I never used that variable
aperture thing once outside of the
review and it was really cool little
gimmicky but I just never used it but
the hardware on this thing is so good
and the moment I did my review I
switched over to this phone and every
other review I did this year on an
Android phone I've referred to the s9
and the s9 plus as like often a cheaper
and sometimes better alternative to
those new phones because this thing came
out earlier on in the year like why buy
a gaming phone for eight or nine hundred
dollars when the s9 plays them just as
well and is a better overall phone with
a really good camera why buy the note 9
when things a thousand bucks and this
thing was like six hundred and fifty
bucks for the s9 plus at the time it
just felt like this phone was so
comparable to all the other phones out
there and was just getting cheaper and
cheaper every month that went by and
right now you can get this phone pretty
readily around the world for like 500
bucks u.s. if you want to get fancy go
on Amazon pay five hundred and nineteen
dollars get next a shipping with like a
decent return policy this phone is very
inexpensive right now at the s9 the s
time plus is like 75 maybe $100 more
awesome value for both of those phones
see when this thing launched it launched
for 850 900 bucks depending on where you
got it from but this phone did not sell
well and a lot of people didn't upgrade
their phones to the S line or the S line
plus so after a couple months the price
dropped and many months later it's now
q4 end of the year this thing has
dropped to a very inexpensive price
to the point where it's very difficult
for any other phone to hit this kind of
feature set for that money like 500
bucks for all of this that's awesome
like that's seriously something special
so point being if you're interested in
phone right now at the end of 2018
you're looking to buy a phone or you
want a phone for the holidays take a
look at this thing because the price is
awesome
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs you liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time